chore(docs) Adding known issue for Grafana alert query(#917) (#919)
questdb/questdb.io: docs/third-party-tools/grafana.md

WHERE $__timeFilter(pickup_datetime)
SAMPLE BY $__interval;
```

## Known issues

> For Grafana alert queries, the macro `$__timeFilter(timestamp)` generates timestamp with nanosecond precision, while the expected precision is millisecond precision. As a result, the alert queries are not compatible with QuestDB. To resolve this, we recommend cast the datatype. An example workaround:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For alert queries generated by certain Grafana versions, the macro `$__timeFilter(timestamp)` produces timestamps with nanosecond precision, while the expected precision is millisecond precision. As a result, the alert queries are not compatible with QuestDB and lead to an `Invalid date` error. To resolve this, we recommend the following workaround:
```

```

> SELECT sum(users) as users,

Reviewer: I'd better use one of the queries from the Grafana tutorial or a query on the `trades` table rather than a query reported by one of the users.

> SELECT sum(users) as users,

Reviewer 2: Agree with Andrey. Adding the same query we had above in the page but with this filter

```
SELECT
  pickup_datetime AS time,
  avg(trip_distance) AS distance
FROM taxi_trips
WHERE
pickup_datetime BETWEEN cast($__unixEpochFrom()*1000000L as timestamp) and cast($__unixEpochTo()*1000000L as timestamp)
```

WHERE $__timeFilter(pickup_datetime)
SAMPLE BY $__interval;
```

## Known issues

For alert queries generated by certain Grafana versions, the macro `$__timeFilter(timestamp)` produces timestamps with nanosecond precision, while the expected precision is millisecond precision. As a result, the alert queries are not compatible with QuestDB and lead to an `Invalid date` error. To resolve this, we recommend the following workaround:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```questdb-sql
```
